*******************
WIGBI RELEASE NOTES
*******************

For further information, see http://www.wigbi.com or the project web site at
GitHub - http://www.github.com/danielsaidi/wigbi


************************
Wigbi 1.0.2 [2011-01-18]
************************

One minor adjustment is that Wigbi now embeds the startup JavaScript code in
a CDATA comment. This means that the code no longer affects HTML validation.

This release features even more major UI plugin adjustments. All data plugin
form controls have been made into a part of the corresponding control, which
means that all of the HtmlContentForm, NewsForm and MenuItemForm plugins are
no longer part of the UI plugin collection.

Another big UI plugin improvement is that objects are no longer exposed with
JSON content textareas. Instead, only the object id is set in a hidden field
and the object loaded before it is saved.   
 


************************
Wigbi 1.0.1 [2011-01-14]
************************

This release features major plugin adjustments. For instance, the two bundle
files that were previously created by Wigbi are no longer generated. Instead,
Wigbi creates one per data plugin and uses the .js file of each UI plugin. A
Wigbi 1.0.0 app MUST remove these bundle files to ensure that no classes are
conflicting. 

The auto-generated data plugin class files are no longer commented, which is
meant to make them easier to read. Future versions will probably feature far
better compression as well. For instance, get/set props will probably have a
convenient method that make each property into just one row.

Besides being able to specifiy additional CSS and JavaScript paths that will
automatically be added when Wigbi is started, the Wigbi config file contains
a key for PHP paths as well. This makes it even easier than before to extend
Wigbi with your own functionality.

The 1.0.1 release also features two new UI plugins for working with the menu
item data plugin. The list will probably be generalized in future versions.

From this version on, unit tests are not added to the release bundle. To get
hold of the unit test bundle, fork the source code on GitHub.  



************************
Wigbi 1.0.0 [2011-01-01]
************************

Wigbi 1.0.0 is a complete rewrite of previous Wigbi versions. New developers
are adviced to check out the documentation, demos and tutorials on wigbi.com.
The release feature major changes, of which only some are listed down below.

The Wigbi configuration file has been completely rewritten and uses real ini
sections. Older configuration files will not work with Wigbi 1.0.

Wigbi no longer features bundled classes. All the source code is provided as
is, which simplifies modifications and bug fixes in an already running Wigbi
instance. The two wigbi/php/wigbi and wigbi/js/wigbi folders are now removed
as well. The Wigbi classes are added directly in wigbi/php and wigbi/js. 

Wigbi no longer creates bundled JavaScript files for the data and UI plugins.
UI plugins already have a JavaScript file, so generating file for them is no
longer necessary. For data plugins, Wigbi now generates one file per plugin.
The obfuscate option has been removed from the configuration file since it's
no longer used by Wigbi. For now, the JavaScriptPacker tool is still bundled
with Wigbi, though. It may be removed in future versions.

It is now possible to change the value of the Wigbi::configFile(..) property
to make Wigbi use another configuration file when starting up. However, note
that the property is currently not set for the JS Wigbi class, since the PHP
property is relative and the JavaScript property must be app relative. It is
important that you change the Wigbi._ajaxConfigFile variable as well for now.

Some Wigbi classes that were previously static have now been made non-static
to make it possible to create custom instances. However, the Wigbi class has
default instances of these classes that are setup with the Wigbi config file.

All property methods have been modified. Instead of x()/setX(..), properties
now take an optional set parameter if they are settabl...just like jQuery :) 

Wigbi now features a quite basic MVC engine which is inspired by ASP.NET MVC.
This makes it even easier to separate functionality from content.

The WigbiUIPlugin base class has been simplified compared to the old one. It
contains a few help methods and must still be inherited.


***********************************************************************
This file was created 2011-01-01. Previous releases notes are left out.
***********************************************************************